auditory-gustatory synesthesia
auditory-tactile synesthesia
auditory-visual synesthesia
aura synesthesia
chords-color synesthesia
chromesthesia
concept-smell synesthesia
concept-sound synesthesia
concepts-color synesthesia
concepts-shape synesthesia
emotion-color synesthesia
grapheme-color synesthesia
grapheme-image synesthesia
grapheme-shape synesthesia
grapheme-smell synesthesia
grapheme-sound synesthesia
grapheme-taste synesthesia
grapheme-temperature synesthesia
grapheme-texture synesthesia
gustatory-auditory synesthesia
gustatory-tactile synesthesia
gustatory-visual synesthesia
kinetics-color synesthesia
letter-color synesthesia
letter-image synesthesia
letter-personality synesthesia
letter-shape synesthesia
letter-smell synesthesia
letter-sound synesthesia
letter-spatial location synesthesia
letter-taste synesthesia
letter-temperature synesthesia
letter-texture synesthesia
lexeme-color synesthesia
lexeme-motor synesthesia
lexeme-olfactory synesthesia
lexeme-taste synesthesia
lexical-gustatory synesthesia
mathematical concepts-visual synesthesia
morpheme-color synesthesia
music-color synesthesia
music-number synesthesia
music-smell synesthesia
music-taste synesthesia
music-temperature synesthesia
music-vision synesthesia
musical-color synesthesia
musical-spatial synesthesia
musical-texture synesthesia
number-form synesthesia
olfactory-visual synesthesia
personality-color synesthesia
sound-kinetics synesthesia
sound-number synesthesia
sound-shape synesthesia
sound-smell synesthesia
sound-tactile synesthesia
sound-taste synesthesia
sound-temperature synesthesia
sound-texture synesthesia
sound-touch synesthesia
spatial-sequence synesthesia
synesthesia
synesthetic
words-color synesthesia
